# How to use this mod

Unlock the corresponding tech. The research will be available after the logistic system and the space thrusters.

There are 3 antennas :
- Requester
- Provider
- Threshold

As a general rule, you can build only one of each type per space platform.

## /!\ After V1.0.2 , setting logistic sections directly in the antennas is no longer supported /!\

This behavior was hard to maintain and caused performance... sinks... not really issues, but it made the code way more complex to handle this feature properly,
and it also introduced a lot of janky stuff. After a long reflexion, I decided to remove it.
You can still use the old mod version, it works, but I recommand going into the mod settings, in game, and set the amount of platforms and requests processed per tick to 2 maximum. (it's already a lot, believe me)

## General

All antennas are also displays, allowing you to display an icon or a text
All antennas must be connected to a circuit network to work.
All antennas are built exclusively on space platforms.
You can have only 1 of each type per space platform.

## Requester Antenna and Threshold Antenna

All signals received by an antenna are summed together. Meaning that if you send green : 100 iron-plate and red : 50 iron-plate, your antenna will request 150 iron-plates.

A threshold antenna will only serve for requests. The signal on a threshold antenna means "The requester must miss at least this amount of the item before trying to request it from another platform."

You should really use a threshold antenna, otherwise, you are at risk of sending a lot of pods with only a handful of items.

## Provider Antenna

If you want a space platform to be allowed to provide items, you must build a provider antenna on it.

If a provider antenna has an item signal, it will allow it to provide for this specific item. The amount / count of the signal is handled like a provide threshold.
This means that the provider needs to have AT LEAST this amount of the item before being eligible to provide it. You can set it to 1 or whatever value you want.

## Credits

Graphics : Galdoc

Testing : Quaitgor